feat: add more mention of needing to install Sharp manually (#4498)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/upgrade-to/v3.mdx

#### What should I do?

:::note

> When using a [strict package manager](https://pnpm.io/pnpm-vs-npm#npms-flat-tree) like `pnpm`, you may also need to manually install Sharp into your project:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using a [strict package manager](https://pnpm.io/pnpm-vs-npm#npms-flat-tree) like `pnpm`, you may need to manually install Sharp into your project even though it is an Astro dependency:
```
I took out "also" because there's no other step mentioned first, replacing it with an "EVEN THOUGH" to address any doubt!
